computer awesome okay guys welcome to the call um we got jason we got porter on here both
doing around or above 10k we're going to get into their exact numbers we're going to be talking
about how to get to 10k selling your way to 10k but just real quick i want to remind everybody
last week we officially launched the go-to software tool we talked about the and and
a couple weeks ago we kind of soft launched it and by the way if anyone doesn't know what that is
and you've been under rock it's rank and rent engine you can go to it rankandrentengine.com
i'll put a link here um by the way real quick uh corey gilbert's on the call and stephanie
uh just barely said she got her first deal at 250 bucks a week boom freaking love that nothing like
a nice little win first thing in the morning so congrats to you stephanie uh i love that let's
see rankandrentengine.com stephanie um message i want you to message uh fix it felix slash erin
and uh get some swag uh get a shirt or whatever message them for a little bit of a gift from me
congratulations on that deal i hope you make a post about it in both groups give everyone a
little bit of inspiration so congrats on that but back to what i was saying last week ryan
dalton came on the call he's created a go-to tool for uh for literally specifically for rank and rent
for digital real estate it's not built for sto agencies it's not built for
smma it's not built for all these different it's literally for rank and rent that's it for digital
real estate done which limits the market size for him but makes a very very custom and specific
tool for us so we've been for a long time people have been asking what's the minimum search volume
on the last call we discussed that that uh minimum search volume so if you guys didn't see that go i
don't want to rob you of watching that live it's a really good live and there's some context in there
i can't just give you a direct black and white answer we did give a black and white answer with
like a little bit of a grain of salt um that you need to watch the entire live so go watch last
week's live if you guys are wondering what's if you guys are wondering when i'm searching search
volume on a specific city and niche what's the minimum that it needs to show for me to have
confidence to go into it we've been playing with the tool we've been testing it i've been looking
at i think i looked at five or six different projects that are ranking really well and in
order to be able to say hey uh this is the definitive answer for how many searches right now
in 2024 november you need to go forward with confidence that could change at the beginning
of the year i'm going to try to continually uh keep you guys with you know up to date fresh
whatever but if you guys didn't see it live i highly recommend you checking that out also there
was a code that we gave away for for a deal on that and if you watch the last live you can get
that okay i'm not going to talk a lot about it on this stream um just wanted to let you guys know
that we did cover that last time so porter jason you guys can still hear me right
beautiful okay so what i want to do today guys is um i i want to talk we've had porter on we've
had jason on they've been on in the free group they've been on in here you guys have probably
seen their names um so real quick so first of all porter you're at 9400 right yeah 9400
okay jason what are you at uh 14400 14400 okay i love that you're inching away from porter dude
keep going jason better slow down no i have slowed down that's you know i it should be a
lot higher i i ignored a lot of nick's advice in the past and so it's time to get back and
get those deals closed so it's interesting uh on that point guys uh when you if you what jason
and porter could probably testify to this when you get into this program if you will just follow
what we talk about to a t to a freaking t if we say five dollar cpc that means if it's five
dollars and five cents it's a no if we say that the search volume needs to be this if it's anything
less it's a no if we say you need to look for this if we say that go go into these states whatever
and you'll just follow it to a t you'll follow the script to a t to the point you almost sound like
a robot it's amazing that you will get dill you will get deals and even when i first started
doing this back in 2016 i i was so dumb at this that i had no other option except for to follow
it and what always happens is people get in and the ones that follow it to a t they get deals they
follow they they they really follow the due diligence they go through enough they go into
the right niche the right city the right search volume the right cpc they they're not sending
too many leads they're saying the right things they get a deal and what always happens this is
very common is then sometimes you'll get one two three four five maybe you even get to 10k
and then you forget the little things you skip these minor things and porter and jason i don't
know jason it's what your the hints that you're dropping make it sound like that might be your
case as well but i know porter in the last uh is it in the last week porter you've lost
an additional two deals that could have put you around like 12 000 yeah two deals
nothing like losing two deals in a week so and i just want you guys to know this is very very
common this happens in sales too when i was doing door to door i got my first deal i followed the
process i did the pitch and i got my first deal then i got my second deal they got my third
guys i got 10 or no i got 17 deals before i even started my first summer and then my very first
week i went out and i like just decided to say extra stuff and skip steps and i didn't sell for
two days i moved my wife and my pregnant wife at the time across the country we bought like
500 worth of stuff to like furnish our apartment we signed a lease on our apartment we're there
for five months four months whatever and i didn't sell for two days and i was like what the
heck's going on went back to the drawing board and sure enough i was skipping steps or and or
sometimes you're adding things that don't need to be added you're giving too much information
so um let's first jason and porter i want to talk about how you got to 10k and then i
want to talk about like some of the the mistakes you've made along the way the skipping the steps
etc so how why is it that you guys are at we're going to say porter i know you're a little bit
under 10k but just so i don't have to like you know say it and be cumbersome about it you guys
are 10k roughly uh jason's at basically at 15 or 14k um why is it that porter you're there
jason you're there and we see people that come in to this same exact program same exact training
same exact 24 hours in a day and they don't have any deals why do you and i i know you guys not the
interesting the thing about porter and jason not only are they at 10k plus but they're also helping
a lot in the free group and in the discord which means they get a very interesting perspective
because they're talking to some of you guys that have even joined to initially talk to them and
ask them questions so i want to start with you porter and then i want to go to you jason but
why do you think you're at 9-4 and there's people that have been in here twice as long or as long
and have zero money coming in what what do you think what's what's your response to that
i think they're they're overthinking it i think you you get worried about what tool to use and
everything needs to be exactly perfect in in the setup and you're afraid to make calls because
it's not a quiet space or your zoom call you've only sent him two leads or three leads and you
feel like there's like a perfect point to close your deal there are so many people that are like
i just don't know or people that are over complicating the niches that i've talked to
people that they're they don't they don't pick one niche and try to get like five or six deals
they try to go into these other niches that we haven't recommended and they're just going off
course just enough to not let them get the deal but i think the biggest thing is just overthinking
it okay i don't disagree i'm going to let jace answer that i'm going to weigh in on my comments
jason what do you think i was actually going to say what what porter was going to say
um i think people are overthinking it quite a bit um
uh it's what it's doing is it's stopping you from just taking that imperfect action
um
it doesn't matter if you got one lead in two weeks still make the phone call and get that business
owner the hook is you can always increase your app and if you have to after the deal is closed
but get a business owner on the hook get him closed and uh not everything has to be perfected
like what is in the training um does that make sense yeah 100 and i know i i got i cut out just
a little bit i could you could you hear jason the whole time porter yeah he was good okay so i was
a little so i just want to make sure the stream is going good um yeah 100 i agree it's like
i don't know where i heard this uh i think i don't know i don't know what podcast i i haven't read
that many books lately but they they talked about there was like an assignment that i'm
probably butchering this but there was this assignment given there was like a it was like
a study and they took like this college class and half of the group they said uh i can't they
they gave them like an assignment for a project and i can't even remember what industry whatever
it was i don't even know if this is music or art whatever and then the other group so the one half
of the group of the class they said you get to do as many projects as you want you can put out
as many pieces as you want and then at the end of the year we're gonna see who has the best piece
out of everybody and the other group they said you need to create the perfect piece you get one
chance at it and you just need to perfect that one piece of whatever it was art music i can't
even remember the the context and they took the two groups and the group that literally kept
putting out pieces and they had you know maybe instead of one project they had 15 or they had
20 it they did their projects were so much better their best their best of their best was so much
better than this person that did one project their best point being guys is that in this business
it's an art not a science and you have to you have to do the reps and you're going to make
mistakes and you're gonna have to like lose deals porter's lost two deals in the last week right
some of you guys haven't even lost a deal because you're too scared to pick up the phone and porter
is probably learned something i know because we talked about he probably learned something on the
last one that he lost that will cause him to never lose that type of a deal again but you have to
just go through those mistakes so it's yeah i don't want to like i swear sometimes it's the
people that are the the most simple-minded that do the best in this business because
they're not overthinking it i'm not saying that we're stupid we're just very simple-minded
thoughts on you agree i mean jason's wearing a byu hoodie um porter's in
so we're not no one's accusing us of hitting that high you know
no i totally agree i think oh sorry jason you can go no you're good porter go ahead
no i was just saying it's so true i do feel like i talked to another guy because i'm in discord
a lot and i talked to a guy and he was like trying to set up these animations he was wanting to like
he's like i'm almost ready to start making calls and like he had gotten like four or five leaves
before and he still hasn't even called the business owner and i was like dude if i like
dude if i like even before you get a glee like you should be calling getting on the phone
and i was like you're just overthinking it like it was just like this for whatever reason getting
on the phone is like the scariest part which i get but like that's where you're gonna make the
money and i think if we could just get over that part of it man we'd be so no fear of like being
told no we'd be way higher than we were what do you think are the biggest things people are
overthinking because guys i hope for those of you that are watching this right now that
don't have your first deal that it's been a while since you got your deal that you're not close to
10k and you're sitting here listening to three people that have hit 10k like we're no different
than you period and some of you guys everyone's gonna say oh porter has this that i don't have
or jason has this or i promise you that like porter doesn't have sales experience how come
he's at 10k uh you know whatever there's like stephanie who just got her deal that 250 bucks
a week i know there's women in the group that go well yeah but he's a man and i'm a woman right
and they think that's so whatever your little thing is that you think is the reason that's
stopping you is not actually stopping you so i'm curious what you guys think after getting to 10k
also talking to literally you guys are having conversations with hundreds of people per week
as you guys help at our internal team and discord and in the facebook group
and then you see a percentage of those people come into here what do you think are the things
that people overthink the most let's start with jason you want to go first all right there's two
things that i have noticed the most one of them is people don't want to put in the work to actually
vet the business owner and they want to focus more on organic and the reason you joined this
program is to pre-sell so organic it obviously that's the long-term goal because we want to build
that digital asset but i have seen some people want to avoid actually just going through the
sales process and they want to try and rank a website organically the other thing i've seen
well hold on do you think that is sorry to cut you off do you think that's because
they believe that that's the better way or because they're trying to avoid the one thing
that's actually going to make them money that's scary called it's called cold calling
i think they're trying to avoid picking up the phone and calling yeah and if you're ranking
a website then you can sit there and and in your mind be like i'm doing work which technically you
are but you're not doing needle moving work you could literally be making money but instead
you're able to sit there go well i did backlinks today cool bro but that didn't get you any closer
to the money you could go get the deal today and make the money so i just want to clarify that
um second thing is what now the second thing is i have talked to several people who do come from
a sales background and they're not afraid to pick up the phone but they expect their campaign to
be forming like four or five weeks a week when that's not necessary um if you're getting leads
then you need to pick up the phone and call and so they're expecting their campaign to performing
like just you know especially we got the holidays around the corner so your leads are going to be
a little bit slower than usual and so i think what they're doing is they're expecting just a
consistent lead flow in order to close a deal at a max price when that's not necessary you're going
to give that business owner a trial of just a handful of free leads you're not telling him how
many leads you're getting him you're not telling them how quick those leads are coming in um you're
just giving him a handful for free to let him you know taste and see what the value has to offer
and then you're going to close him you need to increase your ad spend during the winter months
that's cool but it doesn't have to be perfect
order what do you think people are overthinking the most and by the way corey gilbert i see your
question we're going to get to you in just a moment but porter what do you think uh in terms
of people what do you think people overthink the most with this business i think it's just
the beginning too is the the even just the due diligence part like they they start they have
all these different options of tools mangos semrush uh rare they have all these different
things and they still don't believe that it's five dollars means less like less than five dollars
like i i get on so many calls they're like so is it still five dollars is the seat like is the volume
still there and i'm like like i haven't changed the things from what you've said in the course
like i haven't changed the one thing and i still keep getting deals and so like people just need
to pick a tool understand that like they're not accurate all that's doing is narrowing
100 down to 10 and then you do further due diligence you go with it and at the end of the
day if it doesn't work you just bag the city and pick a new one and you spent an hour building the
one pager but so many people get so caught up with just the starting part it's crazy
yeah and and and we always want to do everything to be perfect i have the most extreme example of
this there was a guy there's a guy in our group right now i'm going to call his name out because
he's it's hilarious and he said it his name is boron he scaled up to like 30 grand like fairly
rapidly and um but when he first started he had been in another like a group a ranking rep group
he didn't know a sales process he was hung up he maybe got a couple deals and then he got in here
and he just started crushing after 30k anyway he ended up i don't i think he's he started like a
franchise and i don't know what how much he's doing with this business anymore which that's
his it's it's his business he's making money it's passive and he decided to go that route that's
cool but i remember when he got on i asked him i said what was your yeah but what was the reason
that you thought that you couldn't do this and what was the thing that was hanging you up
and he's like well i was i always watched your videos and i thought to myself i don't have a
cool background uh like a backdrop i'm just in my room and it's not like cool and i thought he was
joking and he was he was serious he's he legitimately told himself like once i get a
cool background i'll be able to close deals uh that sounds stupid guys but it's so true how many
times you guys watched a video uh let's just say like a workout video right and and you want to
get you want to like get in shape whatever and the person that's doing the video they talk about
maybe like a supplement that they use or some kind of like gym gear that they use and you go
to amazon and you order it and you're like i'm gonna start like once that once it comes as if
you can't get started without that thing guys it's it's literally you just gotta you have to
just start i don't i it's i wish there was like a more sexy answer but you're everyone's overthinking
you you get in you you go to the training you follow the training you pick a boring niche
we gave you the exact search volume updated watch last week's live using rank and run engine
you go through the due diligence yes you might have to do a hundred due diligence to find that
one city i'm sorry that's part of business and guess what you're gonna learn a lot by doing a
hundred of these worksheets now the good news is is if you have rank and run engine it takes you
five seconds to do one of these once you find the competitors but even if you don't do it with
rank and run engine and you're doing it the slow way you still learn so much by looking at all
these websites and picking up on this and picking up on that and you get quick at it and you get
better at it and those hundred due diligence they don't go to waste okay but people like at every
stage of the process you we lose people it's like well i couldn't find a city so i decided not to go
i need to set up ads and i i was gonna have work and i didn't was gonna be able to answer the calls
and it's like guys come on just get started and i mean if porter is making nine thousand four
hundred dollars you can too if jason's making fourteen thousand four hundred dollars you can too
okay it's that if ryan dalton is making eighty seven thousand dollars a month with a full-time
job and kids and a wife and a dog you can too okay so i don't it's hard for me to relate when
people just don't take action but let me answer a couple questions that we're gonna get back into
this interview uh corey gilbert what's up corey gilbert from from saint george utah uh so corey
said help me out on this i've gone through three business owners first one live transferred the
lead then ghosted me okay uh before i even go any further corey one thing i want to mention
and that i think you might want to start doing it would be interesting try the next time you're
doing these cold calls or anything turn on loom turn on vimeo and record yourself okay record
everything that you do so you can critique it guys if you want to make professional money
in this business you have to treat it professionally kobe bryant used to study his freaking jump shot
he used to study his spin move he used to watch hours of game film he was obsessed that's why he
was the best so uh one of the things i did a decent job i recorded quite a bit but you know
how interesting it is for me to go back and find this a random clip that i recorded when i was
trying to pitch somebody back in 2018 when i absolutely sucked it's like the most valuable
thing i wish i would have recorded everything go and record everything so corey gilbert before
i get into it that's just came to my mind go to just get a loom account dude there's get a vimeo
it's completely free every time you do a sale a cold call turn on the camera you can still hold
your phone like this and record your cold calls and then you're gonna have these cold calls that
you didn't do well you can go and dissect you could send on the group you could send to to me
whatever we could dissect them here's where you went wrong whatever that's one thing i would
suggest right off the bat so corey said he's gone through three business owners first one he live
transferred the lead then ghosted that's going to be hard to answer because i didn't hear the call
second business owner was hungry but too far away from the city okay that's fair that's not
really someone that probably should have got the lead anyway i did dd on the city and the
competition was there got a third business owner gave him three leads with a follow-up on thursday
i've gotten four leads in the past three weeks my fear is if i try to put him under contract i won't
have the leads to continue feeding him through the winter should i just close him and hope you
hope leads continue to come up okay i'm gonna answer this really quick and then i'll let jason
report you guys want to weigh in so corey don't let that be a fear all this just comes down to
managing expectations okay you're going to be closing this guy in a time of year right now
still decent there from december 15th to december 31st it does get a little weird in some of the
parts of the country that especially the parts that are getting really cold but um other than
that there's still it's still there's still deals there are still you could get deals during that
time trust me there's still the people that are hungry are hungry and they're hungry year round
but my advice for you is 100 do not don't have that fear always go for the deal you just have
to set the expectations just let the business owner know like look just this is at the close
by the way right just so you know mr business owner we're doing a six month agreement and we're
going to look at this after six months we're going to take the average over six months you know what
december january i can tell you right now and probably even february they're going to be
significantly slower than march april may but we're going to take the average and then guess what
after may june july august september october november all those months are going to be great
as well and we're going to take an average and we're going to see if this is worth it that's why we
do a six month contract but i'm going to tell you right now sir there's going to be uh days we get
two leads there's going to be weeks we get zero leads we might get two leads in december we might
get 40 leads or 30 leads in march but jason uh uh corey uh just get the deal set expectations and
you will not have a problem if you don't set the expectations and you don't let them know
what's about to happen or what could happen yeah you're going to risk a cancel but don't be afraid
of getting these deals when i launched digital landlords we launched it december 1st of 2021
it was the quote unquote worst time to do this because the leads were the hardest to get it was
winter and we had people getting deals left and right because they just they were just going for
it this is like this is not a time to slow down so great question porter jason real quick you
have anything you want to add on that with j with corey's situation and by the way corey shout out
to corey he's being being a student he's he's freaking busting it this guy is not afraid to
get on the phone he's already been through three four business owners he just joined the program
so shout out to corey for taking action but anything you guys want to add jason or porter
yeah uh corey oh sorry go ahead porter no no you're good you're good man okay zoom meetings
um so corey we've talked a little bit about like the deal that i think you're trying to close right
now um i believe it's in spray foam uh the cool thing about spray foam because i have a deal in
spray foam is they don't need as many jobs closed to make a good return on their investment and so
and so you know this guy doesn't need 15 20 leads per month uh so i would say just go and get this
deal closed and do what nick just told you to do just focus on you know the average of the next
six months because as long as this guy is closing jobs he's going to be happy and just make sure
that he understands the expectation coming into the holidays and stuff like that and then with
your first one when i transfer a lead and i get ghosted then one thing i like to do is i like to
follow up with that lead and just ask the homeowner hey did that business owner contact you about your
estimate oh no he didn't okay cool so that way you can still salvage that lead and send it to
somebody else um so you might be able to save that first lead that you transferred um might be worth
a shot but that's what i have good point good point porter you got anything you want to add
or any advice for quarry yeah i would do two parts i would never say hey you're gonna get
x amount of leads i lost a couple of deals when i first started out because they kept asking me like
hey like how many leads can you guarantee me and of course i'm like nervous i'll be like oh 15
and then i don't get 15 and then they get mad at me the next month and they're like dude you only
sent me 10 leads and i'm like well dude it's the winter time like but but i didn't say that before
it came up and so now they think i'm like dodging them or whatever so never say an exact number just
say hey it's going to be slower in the winter you know that but in the but in the summer we've
already talked about that you're going to make up way more i'm not going to be knocking at your door
asking for more money like is this going to be slower the second thing is and i believe this is
why i've lost two deals in the last week is because my screencast i don't think and it could have been
other things it could have been the way i was explaining it but i don't think i was excited
about my screencast i feel like i was pretty monotone and i think i was also i wasn't explaining
it good enough i wasn't low balling and saying hey at worst case scenario if i only send you
x amount of leads say i sent you five or six leads at this price the average price you're
going to be making x amount of money and i don't think i was explaining it good enough to make
him feel like hey this is worth it to me because most of these business owners they don't know how
to sell they're not as confident in their selling ability to go in and say hey i can close 10 out
of 10 deals they're probably like oh i can close two out of 10 and if you only say hey i'm sending
you 10 leads well that just doesn't make sense for them so you just have to make sure hey a worst
case scenario the slowest time of the year you're going to make this a lot more apt to buy from you
than if you don't just expectations guys i've uh i've i've got deal i've got a deal right now
that we've been sending the guy like he's been paying us three thousand dollars a month for
years and the amount of it's actually it started out in spray foam insulation and it transitioned
to gutter installation because he kind of changed industries and we don't send him that many leads
but we set the expectation up front that it wasn't going to be that many leads that he had to
squeeze every lead for what it's worth and he does a really good job and we don't send him that
many leads so it really really comes out of expectations so anyway hopefully that answers
your question corey let's go through one or two more then we'll continue on with this yeah i need
to drop a campaign to move on been going for four weeks also on that note corey i wouldn't be running
too many what i would do is i would have maybe three campaigns set up if you want when one of
them's taking off shut the other two pause them and just focus on the one so that you're not
somebody that's chasing multiple rabbits and you catch none that's what i would do once you get a
few deals under your belt and you can learn to manage them then it's okay like at one point
when we were scaling in 2020 we had we would always have like five campaigns going keep in
mind though i had somebody that was calling the leads and answering the phone calls and transferring
the leads to a business owner i had somebody that was cold calling the business owners and then i
was closing the deal so we had three people doing what you're doing so we had five campaigns going
so i would recommend when you when you're getting that first deal start with the one deal one
campaign once it's taking off pause everything else go off the one close it then the next one
do it again maybe the second or third one you can have two campaigns and then you start building
up from there so i just don't want to see you losing money on campaigns if you can't give it
adequate focus okay isaac chatham says he closes deals with a tarp hanging in my basement freaking
love that i think there's something to be said about just being real and to be honest i think
sometimes when you're real like that dude i can think of a bunch of people shane tarrell he's one
of the guys in our group i think he's making about 15 20 thousand dollars last time i talked to him
he lives in mesquite he like has an office in in it looks like it's like in a basement but the
wall behind him i don't think it's finished it kind of looks like it's like an adobe hut
you know what i mean so don't stress over that if you send the leads up front you sound professional
you sound you know you're talking about you could still get deals but um anyway that's just a funny
thing nonetheless justin hofer i think this is your first call if i'm not mistaken so welcome to
digital landlords my friend he said people procrastinate to avoid the inevitable that's it
that's it you can procrastinate the gym all day long but you're not going to get get that body
until you actually go and start start throwing that weight around okay isaac said what's the best
course of action over the next couple of slow months i want to spend my money wisely until
spring rolls around uh i'm gonna let jason and porter i'm gonna start with jason then go to
porter that i'm gonna answer this this is a great question as winter is upon us and guys i'm not
going to sit here and tell you that that winter is the same as spring it's not right but i'm also
here to tell you that i launched this program and i'm gonna talk the talk because i've always done
that when i launched this program i had these same doubts it was like it was literally the night
before thanksgiving of 2021 i knew that there was a need i knew that people i was getting hit up with
so many questions i knew i needed to start this program but i thought to myself man if you know
my first few students they really have to have success and i thought what what's going to make
the most easy to have success and i had had some slow winters in the past and so i fought with
myself i was like man maybe i should wait three four months wait till it's like prime time and
then i'll go ahead and get this group started people will be getting leads left and right it's
going to be easy and i thought to myself you know what you've always sent it when it comes in your
gut you always go for it even if the timing's not perfect so why would you change now and you
might miss the opportunity now is the time and so i got on the night before thanksgiving in fact
you guys can find that live inside of the art of pre-selling which was you guys yeah it's it's
literally the the day before thanksgiving and i said the next monday we were launching and we're
going to be talking about something and we launched it and it was december 1st and it was also
uh i think that was cyber monday if i'm not mistaken i mean it was the worst timing ever you're
not supposed to do it on a monday so my point is don't take your foot off the gas but with that
said porter jason what is your advice well i'm going to start with porter then i'm going to go
to jason where do you think his exact question says what's the best course of action over the
next couple of quote unquote slow months i want to spend my money wisely until spring rolls around
um i would say with your if you're starting out a new a new niche a new city i think
making sure that the niche is um you're able to do not maybe not the niche but the city that you
pick it's it's warmer than than normal like if you go into concrete you can't really can't go
into like a north dakota or somewhere really really cold where it's really cold or no one's
going to be doing concrete um i think if you're if you're going that route you need to make sure
that the city is really warm um but really i i truly believe it's just the expectations i think
you could close the deal in basically any niche if you explain the expectations and
um you understood what your industry is you know and spray phone or maybe pick in the winter you
you try to focus on more indoor niches spray foam or and that's probably still even cold but stuff
that so seasonal but that i think it really just comes down to just expectations i think you close
the deal anytime of year jason i totally agree um one of the things i've been doing is during
the spring and summer months even into early fall i was going like balls to the wall i had like five
campaigns running at once and then just knowing that the holidays are coming up i kind of just
put my narrowed focus down to like two campaigns um that way i'm not just blowing tons of money
trying to close so many deals because you have to be smart about it we just had the election
but most of my business owners the leads actually started increasing after the election
and so that's a good sign of hope that we can still close deals here during these winter months
and then one thing i've also been doing is i've been doing my pretty like my due diligence
beforehand and so i'm actually setting up some organic sites that are going to be ready to just
pull the trigger once january and february hits and that way i can just start running after those
so even though you like i hope this makes sense but even though you can't run more than two
campaigns let's say get those other campaigns that you know you can pull the trigger on ready to go
so that when you have those two campaigns closed you can just move on to the next and just kind
of have a little bit of a head start yeah uh there's a couple industries that have popped
since the elections i think people finally have some certainty at least with which direction
things are going i know that like crypto has from what i'm not in crypto but i've got some guys here
that are friends that are in crypto they've said it's gone bananas since the election so
i think that's a good point another thing guys is if you have some cities that you're very very very
confident about for example maybe you ran ads in the past you never closed a deal you're doing
something wrong but you're like hey this would be a good spot for an organic website to build it
traditionally rank it and rent it now wouldn't be a bad time to throw up a site and start doing some
seo uh and get that site ranked during some of these slow months but i'll say this guys
there's two types of of there's two uh what's the what's the way to say this there's two trade uh
there's two ways to think about this okay number one is you're the person that's always trying to
time things perfectly right you're like a day trader you're trying to figure out when the
market's good you're trying to figure out when the season's good you're trying to predict when
there's the weather you're trying to basically buy and sell whatever right there's that type
of person and then there's the person that's just consistently taking action that's consistently
always all year all the time taking action making moves and you could there's probably
arguments for both and if you had a crystal ball or you're bill ackman and he's he's somebody that's
on uh wall street that's like really good then maybe you could be the first person but my entire
life my entire career has literally been okay i've got the mindset that i'm gonna take action
all year round that if something comes in my gut to do it i'm gonna do it today because the timing's
never gonna be there and heaven forbid something happens and i was supposed to have that conversation
or make that deal or call that person and it doesn't happen yes i'm gonna get punched in the
face sometimes yes i'm gonna get bruised up but i promise you that that that mentality has served
me so well i would have never ever ever and i doubt anyone i don't know if there's anyone that
could have launched their program at a worst time of year on a worst day guys it was winter
it was a holiday it was a monday it was the bad time of the day i didn't know any of this stuff
i learned this after i'm like dude i did everything wrong right but guess what i did it because i knew
that it was time to do it there were there's but there's also deals that i've i've gone for i've
sent it and i lost the deal because maybe i was i could have waited whatever i truly believe that
if you have the mentality you're always going you're always making offers it's uh it's kind
of like in the stock market when you're you're always buying and then you're slowly your average
cost of what you're actually buying it at is is slowly getting down because you might have made
an investment when the stock was really high and you're like crap that wasn't good but you
continue to buy it as it gets lower and lower and lower your your i think it's called dollar
cost averaging becomes uh lower and lower and lower and so i look at it kind of like that
right i'm always buying real estate i'm always uh looking for deals i'm always looking to get
another i'm just i got my foot on the gas all year round that doesn't mean i'm going to be stupid
i'm not going to go blow a bunch of money in north dakota concrete but i'm going to be strategic and
i'm going to be making moves here's one last thing i want to say everyone else in this space
is not taking action everyone else right now is going on vacation everyone else is going
in like taking a break whatever they're going on the cruise and i'm talking about the marketers
right our our competitors people that are in the space on the business side all the business
owners that you probably don't want to work with are also not very serious about business they're
not doing much they're just take like guys i've called business owners that literally move to
florida and they shut down business for three four months a year that's cool but like that's
not who i want to work with so that one thing is from a perspective is that when you're calling in
in december you're you're really only going to get a hold of the people that are actually hungry
to build their business you're it's like a it's like a it's a it's its own filtration system which
is kind of nice so um anyway just some things to think about at the same time guys let's not
pretend that the leads are as easy to get in december as they are in march or april right
after tax returns that's silly of course not however there's also less competition of marketers
calling etc etc etc so anyway porter anything you got to add yeah one last thing i would just say
don't be so emotional with this you have to kind of have thick skin even if you don't pretend you
do because you're going to get yelled at or say you're a scam or like you shouldn't be doing this
or maybe just people are just hanging up on you and if you take it personally you're never going
to go anywhere i remember i lost a couple deals and i was just so sad i was like dude i don't know
what i'm doing wrong like i'm a terrible salesman like i shouldn't be doing this like i need to do
something else and then it's like it was just the business owners that i was dealing with and it was
how i was nurturing those business owners in the first place had nothing to do with the business
model it was just something that i needed to focus on personally and i'm not perfect at it but like
if i can genuinely like just forget all of the you know the emotional part of it and just say hey
that's business then i do way better i have no fear of loss and i go in i can close the deal and
i it's it's the craziest thing until you do it you'll understand but just don't take it personal
100% okay Aaron just barely informed me that we had a bunch of questions on the post so i'm going
to try and rapid fire some of these we still have a few minutes left and then i'll try to come back
as well to the ones that are in the chat so let's try to get through these really quick i'm probably
just going to take i'm going to choose one of you guys i'm going to have you give your answer make
it short we'll go to the next one okay okay let's see we go let's see what we got here Leanne says
i would love to know typically how long it takes from the time you run ads to the time you land
the client i feel like it's taking me longer than it should thank you Jason ready set go what do you
think okay Leanne there's not really a time frame on this it's kind of hard to tell because i've
closed a business owner in four days i've also gone through 10 different business owners and
finally closed a business owner after three months and so just if your campaign is performing and
it's bringing in leads then don't drop it if everything is the way it should when it comes
producing leads do not drop it whatsoever there's going to be a business owner who's hungry to grow
so just keep on finding business owners whether they're ghosting you or not but yeah that's just
my my advice for that beautiful shane noble says are you guys dealing with multiple niches or
staying in only one for now to scale porter i got five deals in concrete and i've literally started
getting i'm focusing on fencing and i'll probably get another five deals so i think the less niches
and more scaling the better oh okay let's see do we have anything else i don't know that might be
it hold on uh we have more questions want to make sure we didn't miss anything in the original post
okay chris johnson says what was the biggest challenge that helped you go from one deal to
10k um let's see so that's the first question so let's go with porter on that one uh what was the
biggest challenge what was the biggest change that helped you go from one deal to 10k porter
because i know you got a deal and then you kind of got snagged and then you you scaled up now
granted you got 9400 but we're going to call it 10k i would say focusing on this business model
every single day and and i know like we want the freedom to do what we want with this business
model but like you have to always be thinking of like certain or niches or cities or like how can i
you know continually improve this business model because i got a deal and i kind of was like
dragging my feet for find another deal or like there was no urgency and so i just feel like if
you get to that point you just have to take this as more seriously don't treat it as a hobby treat
it as a as like your main gig and you will make deals and you can do that even when you have a
full-time job even if this is your you have a full-time job this can mentally be your your
main thing and the the work is your side hustle and you can mentally be at work or sorry you
can be at work but mentally be thinking about this so i know some of you guys like how can i
do that with a full-time job in the beginning you might have to keep the full-time job and while
you're doing that you're thinking of ideas like guys when i first started doing this this was a
side hustle for me but in my mind it was my main hustle i was knocking doors but i was looking for
opportunities i got my first i got sorry i got my second deal by knocking on the door to sell an
alarm system and it turned into me selling a deal to a waterproofing guy that i had no idea about
the niche right because it was my main my main thing in my mind okay number two of chris johnson's
question says what's standing in the way of you going to 100k what's your roadmap i'm going to
give that to you jason most of us standing in the way is the cash flow and having a team in place to
make so that i'm capable of scaling um i you know i've heard a bunch of different advice from
different people but ryan dalton i think he said you can scale the 20 000 just by yourself but
once you're at that point you have the cash flow to to bring in a team that's capable of helping
you scale 200k i agree i think you could probably even eke your way to 30k by yourself but you're
going to be you're going to be doing everything um yeah and and then yeah that's a that's a good
answer okay next question is i'm going to have both you answer this really quick when will this
be your full-time gig example what monthly recurring revenue number do you need to hit
so that you're profitable enough to focus completely on this business model jason i'm
going to go with you first then i'm going to go with porter this is my full-time gig right now
um i was selling seo before this so you really just need to make sure you have enough to to pay
the bills uh so whatever your overhead cost is to pay rent and stuff like that
that's what you need to be able to go full-time and then just don't hold back from there and you'll
just fine order i don't think this will ever be my full-time like my full-time gig like it is but
it's like mentally it is but like i love farming i think i'll always do farming as long as farming's
around and i mean i think it's just cool because i mean i could probably stop farming and be just
fine but it's more of like a thing that i like doing and that this business model allows me to
do that beautiful and there's two different frames of thought guys i think one thing i've
changed a bit on is in the beginning when i started this i thought everyone had the exact
same mindset as me i thought everyone is like make this as big as possible million dollars a month
and i couldn't i think i was speaking to myself and i think there were a few people that related
to me but then i've realized that like dude people just want to get like i think most of you guys can
relate when i say that most of us just want to go and make enough money to quit our job and then
you know have have another of course we want unlimited money if possible like we want to
have enough to just quit our job and and then be able to spend time doing what we love to do
and that's that's it and for most people a good ten fifteen thousand dollars bottom line in your
pocket most everyone can actually do that and so it's cool because i think jason is like hey he's
in this let's go as big as we can because this is my main thing maybe if i find some other stuff
that i'm interested in i could do that and then porter is going to continue to grow this but his
he's going to just continue to farm and he's going to take over the family farm and and you could do
it you can skin it however you want to skin it which i think is really cool um a couple more
uh justin hofer says in spray foam i'm going to give this to jason because i know he's in spray
foam in spray foam if i can send 10 leads a month is that still worth 1500 dollars
leads per month if your business owner can close deals if your business owner if he kind of struggles
with closing jobs then maybe not but make sure you listen to the way he speaks to the homeowners
on your cold calls and stuff when you transfer the leads make sure that he has the skill sets
to close jobs um but yeah if he can close two jobs a month it should be worth 1500 bucks
definitely and you should be able to get 10 leads a month if you do that if you're getting
five dollars or less cpc and you're and if you get a 1500 dollar deal if you even if you have to you
could if you you could spend half of that 750 bucks a month which is a lot there's no way you're
not going to get at least 10 leads like if you have a decent ad set up proper landing page and
then the website that's very achievable so i i agree okay eladis says will calling with a foreign
number or with skype doesn't show a number to business owners set them off i don't live in the
u.s um i'm going to answer this one because i personally haven't done it but i know my team
has done it and i know that there's people that are in this community that are doing it let me
give you an example i just did a podcast last um in fact i would like to i'll try to let me see
if i can actually find it here in just a second i'll i won't do right the second we did a podcast
me and mike v mike v lives in thailand and all of his deals are in north are sorry in new zealand
and he literally uses a skype number a skype freaking web with connected to wi-fi is how
he cold calls again what these are one of these things like i think if you call and you think it's
weird it's going to be weird to them i also think you can preemptively bring it up and you can say
hey sorry you know this is nick i'm i'm i'm actually traveling right now so that's why my
i'm calling you from like a skype whatever whatever you want to say and just bring it up first
bring up the elephant in the room it's not a big deal dude of course it's internet i'm getting you
leads from internet who cares if i'm in bali you know so that's that's my opinion um was that
porter or jason was gonna say something i don't know it wasn't me what were you gonna say
no it wasn't me i don't know who okay i thought somebody was gonna say something never mind
um okay anyway so yeah that's that's not a huge deal so
it's it guys i i really wish i could get on here and i could bring these guys on or i could bring
anyone else that's got to 10k and i could sit there and be like hey what's the magic bullet
what's the secret sauce what's the whatever but everything that these guys have said are just
tied back into the training that we've given like both of these guys if you haven't picked up on
this are being very very fundamental about how they're handling this business model porter
um and up until now porter are all of your deals in concrete yeah like five out of the six five
out of six are in concrete he followed the advice to a t he even went into concrete when everyone
said it was saturated he's got five out of six deals he's at 9400 bucks a month and now he's
transitioning into a new niche after this boom buy the book to the t and then he started you know
wafting a little bit on the advice he didn't have super super good energy on the screencast
lost a deal or two and he's back to the drawing board back to the thing jason already exact same
thing he's following through t he's seen that when he deviates it falls off a little bit he's
at 40 i just don't know what else to tell you guys other than we're going to a boring niche
look at the due diligence exactly like we talk about it now we've given search volume and again
i'm not going to say it on here because there's a little bit of context that needs to happen um
but anyway go watch last week's live go into the city set up the ads like we teach you and if you
have issues with the ads get on with jeff you know ask questions in here make connections be a
student shout out to corey gilbert's doing a really good job of just like being in the asking
questions and being involved in the community um guys there's 722 people in here that we can
connect with that are doing the exact same thing as you i don't know why you guys if you're not
not making connections making friends making colleagues you guys would could end up doing
business with these people at some point um and then just go and do and that's it i don't i that's
that's it the problem is that we get distracted the problem is we think there's a better solution
the problem is that the next thing comes and we want to use this ai and that ai and it's like
guys it's very simple boring niche simple city good enough search volume less than five dollar cpc
boom boom boom run an ad use the script that we give you rinse and repeat rinse and repeat
rinse and repeat and guys if you can make it one time let me give an example for our let me just
say this like stephanie congrats to stephanie stephanie don't forget to get your swag stephanie
just got our first deal 250 bucks a week thousand dollars a month boom she's been in here a bit she's
been trying i want to give her a big shout out stephanie i would ask you this if you can do this
one time if you can make a thousand bucks a month this is what one day i heard this and it really
clicked for me if you can do that once that means you can do it 10 times and if you can do it once
it means you can do it 100 times you now have an exact roadmap to get to a million dollars a year
you can do that if even if it's a thousand dollar month deals you can get 83 clients and you could
be at that now you're not going to need to do 83 clients because you're going to get 1500
deals you're going to get the clients that the 7500 clients like we just landed in our agency
because you get these bigger niches whatever you can literally get you have a roadmap to get
to a million dollars guys how it's how it's it's mind-blowing because when i remember when i was
just like i was going to college a little bit and i was writing down business ideas
and i was like i want to be a millionaire but i didn't know a path to a million dollars
if you can get one deal in here at a thousand dollars a month you have a clear path to a
million dollars you just have to do it again and again and again and again and again and do it
faster and do it better and sometimes do it bigger and make sure you retain your clients but you have
a clear formula for how you can become a millionaire through digital real estate i think that's pretty
exciting um porter and jason anything that you guys want to add last one more thing mike said
i just posted the group would love to get your guys input on this live how many ad campaigns would
you guys suggest launching your per month so i can get so i can land 2.5k in new mrr every month
jason what do you think well if you want 2.5k month of recurring revenue then it only requires
you to run two campaigns probably but um i would just say just be smart and just focus on closing
the deal that's at hand and just win the day don't focus so much on just running five campaigns because
i made this mistake you lose track of some of the campaigns that they're performing and you can't
really put your focus on closing those specific deals and giving them the attention that they
need so two deals would put you over 2500 in recurring revenue so two campaigns should do the
trick that's it it's if you guys it's if you guys get dialed in if you guys get this process out
then you have your flow mapped out you guys are on fire like it's crazy you can get to a point
when you know with almost 100 certainty i am going to get this many deals in a month because
it's just a formula and guys we're going to continue on our end to do our best to continue
to give you the latest and greatest training the best the most up-to-date the best tools all that
kind of stuff um but we're in the weeds with you we i'm talking to francesca almost i am talking
to her every single day but we're zooming weekly strategizing how can how can we get another 10k
how can we get another 10k how can we get another 10k um so we're in this with you guys and it's just
a matter of just doing the doing the the the model that's literally it last thing i want to
i want to say really quick is or just kind of remind you guys we are working right now on
version 3.0 there's not going to be that much that's going to change um it's just going to be a
refinement right it's like when you have a book that comes out you got to think and go rich it's
like edition number 50 because they had a couple small changes um that's it we have some small
adjustments that we want to make the market shifted slightly um it's not going to surprise
nothing's going to surprise you but we are working on version 3.0 the content isn't going to change
that much but the way that we deliver it the way that we're going to execute it that is going to
change i'm really really excited about it so i just want to let you guys know that that is coming
um and that you should be excited i do not have an exact date on that i'm trying to get it done as
soon as possible um but we are going to be making some adjustments we're making some tweaks we're
going to be able to give a little bit more of the accountability support and all this kind of thing
so i want you guys to know that once again if you haven't already um check out last week's live if
you want to know what the search volume is excuse me the minimum search volume is to have the full
confidence going into a city and niche jason porter thank you guys for being on the call
and we will see you guys next week at 7 a.m see you guys